29 Dec 2013
A cloudy day here in Munich. The weather hear has been near perfect. I was really expecting it to be a blizzard everyday; not that my wardrobe would say otherwise but it continues to suffice. We spent one day walking along the Isa taking in the riverwalk watching folks play with their dogs and the swans reak havoc on unsuspecting children. Walked under some bridges that had some interesting graffiti on them. they've got some talented street artists here. I'm the worst asian tourist. I've captured none of these images on film because that's still relevant in this day and age. I'll have to do better. It's a weird stuggle to live in the moment and to have something to share with my future self and others. 

I can hear the traffic busseling down in the streets below. Currently crashing a friend of Marion's near the center of Munich. I've almost defeated the Jetlag that's been plaguing my evenings here 9 or 10 hours difference. This town in pretty awesome. It has been described to me as a giant village of over a million people. I can really see this too there arent any harrowing sky scarapers or rampant homelessness. There is history on every corner of this city. Epic university grounds or parlamentrary houses and churches. I definitely felt like I arrived in Europe when we traveled the town center near the new/old town hall with its massively tall christmas tree. there was a picture attached to the tree of the town that gave the tree to Munich and on this picure was a town with two trees in their city center and now i'm positive that there is only one giant tree left there. This town knows much about sacrafice. :p 

Another interesting facet of Munich is their ability to find recreation in the oddest of places. I'm talking about the surfers of Munich. There is one place in the river that has a nice standing wave that is about 5M across where they'd skillfully drop in their boards and hop on shortly afterwards. They were doing some interesting moves where they'd 180 or get air when they could; really cool stuff. 

Outside of checking out the touristy things I've had the pleasure of meeting Marion's friends and enjoying an italian inspired home cooked meal cooked by Ricardo, a transplant from Columbia also doing science, with some cool friends and good wine. We also did some bouldering at a place called heaven gate. Definitely more challenging than I remember from ages past but undoubtedly a great time was had. I stuck to the baby colored stones greens and yellows while Adrian and Marion were crushing the reds. Adrian a staticitian with a kanck for bouldering. well i'll scribe some more later time to go eat weisswurst

30 Dec 2013
I can see the sun peaking through some of the clouds left over from this morning. Chilling at a new apartment with in Munich. With the motto that still rings true from my previous travels around the world. "I dont know where I am or what I'm doing" But despite this I'm still in one piece so far. Yesterday was my bevarian day put together by Mues and Co. By Co I mean Sivan and Simon; neighbors from down the street in SF. We started out the day with a few pints of weißbeir and some delicous weißwerst, pretzles with a sweet mustard. mmm soo good. the place was fuming with delicious smells of traditional bavariand dishes which are quite meat centric and garnished with the occational potatoe. I also got to meet Papa Mues the similarities were uncanny especially near the nose they both share. 

This beer hall started off great as we opened the door a proper bavarian band clad in leatherhosen and horned instruemnts greeted us. The band wasnt the only ones dressed up but the patrons of the hall also dressed in their finest durndels and lederhosen (one of those spellings will be correct) Mues had his giant black poodle with him as well and this provided entertainment for the other people in the hall. There was this father and daughter that came by to see Moron (phonetic only probably not how it's spelt) they too were dressed up ever so cutely. the little girl was pretty timid when confronted by Moron. Despite Morons efforts to engage her he eventually gave up and found a nice spot on the floor to rest his head. 

It is interesting to see Mues in his natural habitat. I dont thing much changes for him in respect to his personality but rather his friends are the ones that change around him. In SF he has the adoration of the of fresh-meat europeans doing their masters for a year in the city but here in Munich Mues still loves to talk a lot but his friends call him out on his bullshit more readily which is a joy to see. If I only had siginificantly more German under my belt I'd be able to play along too. Only one way to remedy this ignorance and that is to do some practicing and studying. 

09 Jan 2013
10K meters up in the air and its as dark as squid ink with little pocks of amber dust along the horizon. There is no rest for the wicked. I'm off once again to far off lands to enjoy the company of some stellar people. Tonights adventure will take me to LA to hang out with Liz and Sara for their combined birthday excursion that they've graciously invited me to. I only wish I had a little more time to decompress from Munich. I hit the ground running right after landing in SFO I headed to work with a powerful 30+ hour stench of plane and exhaution (I'm sure exhaution has a smell and I was the embodiedment of it). I digress, I really want to try and piece together the last week or so of memories to consolidate them into something coherent for further analysis. 

New Years Eve: This was a pretty great day. Not sure if we got up too early this day but I do remember shopping at the grocery store nearby to get ingredients for what one German blogger stated as a Mexican bean cake. Marion liked it because it was pretty festive and vegitarian. I, being from the southwest, would have never concocted such a creation but I could see that she had her heart set on making it and put my prejudices aside. Haha listen to me making it sound like i'm such a great person for letting such a thing be created :P (<scoff> what a douche bag!) we did some shopping for the ingredients scouring the local markets for proper peppers and a sundry of mexican ingredients. We found a nice turkish place near the main station that luckily was still open when most shops had closed for the day to go and celebrate the ushering in of the new year. once the gathering had been completed we got to partake in one of my favorite activities of preparing a meal for friends. I chopped various fresh produce and prepared the closest to a salsa that bavarian shops would allow. which was pretty close barring the substituion of lemon for lime. I know I know it's an attrocity and I could hear abulitas cursing my name. 

After all the food was prepared we dressed up for an evening of drinks and potluck with Marions friend Sabastian and company. I had brought some fancy clothes for the event just in case the evening called for it. It didn't by the way but Marion thought it would be funny/nice if I dawned the bowtie, gold vest, and suspenders for the evening. I swear it's so difficult for me, when dressing up, to break the mould to escape the gravitas of looking like a used car salesman or my new persona the waiter. One day... one day. One nice kind soul did comment kindly on my attire. The evening for me was filled with kind strangers from all over Germany and a few gals from the States. The Germans, my age, do make it all too easy to converse in English. This in itself was convienent but I still had a sense of sadness for coming to the country so linguistically empty handed. I don't know maybe it's just the asian guilt and all where we punish ignorance and not-unproud knowledge. 

The host of the party Sabastian was kind enough to task me with being the DJ, no sarcasism intended, I was more than happy to be able to contribute to the overall level of festivness of the party. I worked in concert with Doris, a nice asian girl from the LA area who was also visiting her boyfriend of 1.5 years. Another helper DJ was Helen a former roommate of Marion. She was pretty keen on listening to Africa by Toto. With our powers combined we were able to make for a dancetastic evening. 

The evening also had the tradition of gummy bear fortunes. The idea is that you grab 5 random gummy bears outta the bag and then consult a book with your corresponding fortune. I grabbed a hand full of delicious little treats and i had manage to grab a joker gummy meaning i had to choose another one. i continued to choose the joker gummy at random but the idea was to take control of your own fate for a little and make for the best fortune possilbe (which would have been a bear of each color) finally after getting the proper set of bears Pupie, another one of Marion's friends a red head with boundless energy who does some domineering weekly, translated my fortune to summerize to thinki good thoughts and good things will come to you while avoiding negative thoughts because one you do that you'll start a cycle that'll be difficult to stop. kinda generic in my opinion. 

lets delve into some general outlining

1/1
 marion injured her foot from dancing/jumping the evening before
 breakfast at fini's
 marion went for a walk with helen and i went home to rest
 did something in the evening?
 called issabella to tell her that we wouldnt be driving to austria for sledging
 
1/2
 sledging with mues in the morning/afternoon
 learned how to sledge
 ate at a lodge 1/2 way down the 7km trail
 went home to a very affectionate marion
  she made knudle and mushrooms so tastey
 declined to go out with mues later that evening

1/3
 did something before going to hockey game
 hockey game watched the munich bulls play the berlin bears
  so much shit talking by announcer
  awesome fans chanting and singing songs
 went drinking at the old school bar near the olympic stadium
  talked about internet addiction
  learned about gretchen's sad sad story
 went to another bar X
  talked about rarity of juke boxes
  drank too much
 got a taxi home and borrowed cash from Mues

1/4
 Went to Marion's Home village
 tooke a nice long train ride
 met her sister
 went hiking ridiculoulsy georgeous view of the alps looks like a g'damn postcard
 have lunch awesome lodge on top of the mountain
 yellow snow
 saw folks on a lake that was only 1/2 frozen
 decended mountain to another lodge
  coffee, pork delicousness and knudle
  amazing soft cheese cake best ever
  family of antlers on the wall, cant leave orphans
 went to go see krampus procession amazeballs

1/5
 decide to go different routes that day and meet back up later
  marions goes to see the baby
  i go check out olympic park
 i devate from the plan and decide to do some packing instead of going out
 figuring that i would be late coming back from the outting that would've lasted only a few decaminutes
 almost 3 hours go by with no marion in sight so i get the hunger and go for a trek to the deli to get something 
 and the wall of callousness was just too warned out and i started to have the feels. i was upset that i'd been left alone for waht seemed like forever (it wasn't) on our precious last day together. and Marion had a proper excuse of not wanting to head out early after having a proper conversation. and i'm sure her alliance to this person is older and more precious than ours is. but i still got butt hurt and pouted as i ate my sandwich in anger. Marion tried to console me but i didnt want to see her or else i'd say something that i couldnt take back. not that i knew what that would be but just in case i couldnt hold my tongue. i was just fuming with no real idea of what i wanted to say. it was wierd to be disarmmed. 

